Other Miscellaneous Commands Pages (#32)
MoonlightCapital/MoonlightBot-docs: miscellaneous-commands/check-duration.md

# check-duration

> This command is equivalent to the previous version’s `/status` command. It allows you to see how long you can set a temporary action. If you [vote for MoonlightBot](/support/upvote-moonlightbot.md), purchase a [premium subscription](/support/premium.md), [join the support server](https://discord.com/invite/hNQWVVC) (which besides support you can also read news and changelogs, participate in [volunteer programs](/support/volunteering.md) and in giveaways, meet the person who wrote this and the developer behind all this, among more), or if you started using MoonlightBot less than 7 days ago, the durations for how long you can set a temporary action to last change. Refer to the chart to see how long you can set a temporary action for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command is equivalent to the previous version’s `/status` command. It allows you to see how long you can set a temporary action.

If you [vote for MoonlightBot](/support/upvote-moonlightbot.md), purchase a [premium subscription](/support/premium.md), [join the support server](https://discord.com/invite/hNQWVVC) (which besides support you can also read news and changelogs, participate in [volunteer programs](/support/volunteering.md) and in giveaways, meet the person who wrote this and the developer behind all this, among more), or if you started using MoonlightBot less than 7 days ago, the durations for how long you can set a temporary action to last increase. Refer to the chart to see how long you can set a temporary action for:
```

| Status              | Maximum Duration    |
| ----------------- | ---------------- |
| Default               |7 Days   |

> | Default [(Beta Branch)](/support/beta.md) |14 Days |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Default [(Beta bot)](/support/beta.md) |14 Days |
```

| Joining [the support server](https://discord.com/invite/hNQWVVC) or for your first 7 days |30 Days |
| Being a [Premium Subscriber (Basic Tier)](/support/premium.md#tiers) |90 Days  |

> | Being a [Premium Subscriber (Advanced and greater Tiers)](/support/premium.md#tiers) |365 Days  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Being a [Premium Subscriber (Advanced and greater Tiers)](/support/premium.md#tiers) |y Year  |
```

> | Having [Voted Recently](/support/upvote-moonlightbot.md) |Double your current maximum |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Having [voted in the past 72 hours](/support/upvote-moonlightbot.md) |Double your current maximum |
```

{% hint style="info" %}
When your maximum allowed duration changes, we recommend that you use [`/list-temproles`](/role-management-commands/list-temproles.md) to check if all of your temporary and pause roles are [sustained](/start-up/faqs.md#how-does-the-temprole-sustain-mechanic-work).
{% endhint %}

## Required permissions

> MoonlightBot requires the following permissions to execute this command successfully:

Reviewer: please leave the autogenerated stuff untouched - if you disagree with the wording of some templates we can discuss it but applying changes only here will result in the pages becoming inconsistent with each other

*No specific permissions required*

By default, a user is required to have the following permissions to use this command:

*No specific permissions required*

> For more information on editing permission requirements for specific users/roles, refer to the [permissions tutorial](/start-up/permission-tutorial.md)

Reviewer: Leave untouched as well - same for the line in the other files of this pr

## Syntax

```text
/check-duration
```

## Logs

*This command does not trigger any log events.*

> For more information on setting up those logs, refer to the [log setup tutorial](/advanced/list-of-log-names.md)

Reviewer: The list of log names isn't the tutorial, same thing as the other autogenerated. Someone will take care of this replacement in bulk once the doc is full

Reviewer: this

# check-duration

This command is equivalent to the previous version’s `/status` command. It allows you to see how long you can set a temporary action.

> If you [vote for MoonlightBot](/support/upvote-moonlightbot.md), purchase a [premium subscription](/support/premium.md), [join the support server](https://discord.com/invite/hNQWVVC) (which besides support you can also read news and changelogs, participate in [volunteer programs](/support/volunteering.md) and in giveaways, meet the person who wrote this and the developer behind all this, among more), or if you started using MoonlightBot less than 7 days ago, the durations for how long you can set a temporary action to last change. Refer to the chart to see how long you can set a temporary action for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you [vote for MoonlightBot](/support/upvote-moonlightbot.md), purchase a [premium subscription](/support/premium.md), [join the support server](https://discord.com/invite/hNQWVVC) (which besides support you can also read news and changelogs, participate in [volunteer programs](/support/volunteering.md), giveaways, meet the person who wrote this and the developer, among more), or if you started using MoonlightBot less than 7 days ago, the durations for how long you can set a temporary action to last increases. Refer to the chart to see all available bonuses:
```

| Status              | Maximum Duration    |
| ----------------- | ---------------- |
| Default               |7 Days   |
| Default [(Beta bot)](/support/beta.md) |14 Days |
| Joining [the support server](https://discord.com/invite/hNQWVVC) or for your first 7 days |30 Days |
| Being a [Premium Subscriber (Basic Tier)](/support/premium.md#tiers) |90 Days  |
| Being a [Premium Subscriber (Advanced and greater Tiers)](/support/premium.md#tiers) |1 Year  |
| Having [Voted within the past 72 hours](/support/upvote-moonlightbot.md) |Double your current maximum|

{% hint style="info" %}
When your maximum allowed duration changes, we recommend that you use [`/list-temproles`](/role-management-commands/list-temproles.md) to check if all of your temporary and pause roles are [sustained](/start-up/faqs.md#how-does-the-temprole-sustain-mechanic-work).
{% endhint %}

## Required permissions

> MoonlightBot requires the following permissions to execute this command successfully:

Reviewer: put this back

*No specific permissions required*

By default, a user is required to have the following permissions to use this command:

*No specific permissions required*

> For more information on editing permission requirements for specific users/roles, refer to the [permissions tutorial](/start-up/permission-tutorial.md)

Reviewer: put this back
